#Introduction

I created this repository to hold cad files for COTS (Commercial off the shelf)
parts to be used in MY projects. Use them at your own risk. Know the licenses
for these parts vary, unless otherwise stated the parts are covered by the
corresponding liscense below.

----------------------------------------------------------------
# McMaster Carr
Find the license here: https://www.mcmaster.com/termsandconditions

Excerpt
Use of CAD Models

The CAD models on the McMaster-Carr Properties (“CAD Models”) are being made
available to help you decide whether to purchase Products from us. You may
download the CAD Models and share them with others in your organization or with
third parties acting on behalf of or rendering services to you or your
organization (including your data center or cloud service providers), but only
for purposes of deciding whether to purchase Products from us or in order to
develop design drawings and prototypes for use by you or your organization in
connection with a decision regarding whether to purchase Products from us. You
shall not use the CAD Models to engage in 3D printing or other fabrication of
the objects depicted in the CAD Models for any other purpose, and you shall not
otherwise redistribute or make available the CAD Models (or any design drawings
or prototypes that incorporate them) to any third parties, including third
parties in the business of selling products similar to the Products.

The CAD Models do not contain any technical information other than what is
readily observable, specified by industry standards or provided to us by our
suppliers. The dimensions and other technical specifications of Products may
vary from those shown in the CAD Models, due among other reasons to tolerances
associated with manufacturing processes. Manufacturing tolerance information is
considered proprietary by many of our suppliers and is not always provided to
us. Thus tolerance information may not be reflected in the CAD Models. You
acknowledge and agree as follows: (i) your use of the CAD Models is at your own
risk and you are solely responsible for any use you make or permit others to
make of the CAD Models; (ii) McMaster-Carr makes no representation or warranty
(express or implied) with respect to the CAD Models, including but not limited
to the accuracy or completeness of Product dimensions or any other technical
specifications contained in or accompanying the CAD Models, non-infringement of
third-party rights, and quality, suitability, fitness for purpose or title;
(iii) McMaster-Carr may terminate or limit your access to the CAD Models for
any reason at any time; and (iv) to the fullest extent permitted by law, you
shall indemnify us and hold us harmless from and against any and all
liabilities, losses, damages, costs and other expenses (including court costs
and reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from claims asserted by you or others
as a result of your use of the CAD Models.
